hello welcome back to my African kitchen
and this is your African kitchen today
we're going to cook really delicious
meal it's actually not admit it's more
like appetizer but it's phil so i can
call me follow me
we took a pound and a half of those
beans and put it in a blender and we
blend it with two cups of water I'm
gonna put all these details on the
videos again like a noose we do so we
just took up some water and we put it on
in the pains and we put them in a
blender blend it really well until it's
like almost like a really thick paste
like this then now we're just going to
add everything this is a half chopped
onions okay really small or medium-sized
this is the fish this fish is called
swai fish I really like this fish it's a
few waiting we just it's like I think it
was a actually half a pound yeah for
sure it's a half a pound of fish and you
dice it really small like this is the
size that it has to be you don't want to
do it too small or too big you just want
it to do it just perfectly right for
that oops mess again green onion then we
do the shrimp wanna be a plaid with two
small eight months so we die set this
aside and going to add cayenne pepper
put it in this is like beyond cubes Oh
Maggie cubes and it looks like this in
the pack okay this is the key cowboy it
has to be really really good good
quality please do not get the back body
because it's going to change the whole
taste of this meal and it's not supposed
to be that one oil taste it when you
taste it if it has like an after taste
in your mouth that's like not so good
then don't get that oil put it down
better yet there's a Jukan sperm oil if
you
I'll tell you exactly where you fight it
you know seriously my oil is the best
way haha so this is one cup of palm oil
and you're going to pour it right in
there okay some of you guys that don't
know what palm oil is again send us a
blog message whatever and we'll be happy
to tell you so this is a cup of palm oil
I just got to get a bigger bowl and I'll
mix all of these together of course this
is not going to fit in here so we'll
come back and I'll show you how it looks
before put in the formula see back in
the mix all this stuff together so we're
gonna take this book is where you cut
about this much I don't you can see it
right Christmas
so you put this in the middle I would
just do it would be easy to cook and you
fold it like this okay and you go like
this until you get to the place where
the food is put another one okay then we
go this way nice and flat okay so we're
going to steam this I'll show you the
best way to steam this um I don't like
for it to tip too long so I'm going to
show you how to submit the quickest way
and the easiest will I just wrapped all
of it whatever was in a bowl in foil
just like this make sure it's all flat
and nice oh and one more thing please do
not get the cheap oil somebody just got
me a cheap foil and I send it through
store and the personal exactly who they
are and look at I just poked a hole with
my nail and that's not good now I'm
gonna have to double wrap it and it
takes longer when you double wrap it so
avoid them so I'm going to place them in
a ziploc bag okay don't put too many
because you want it to cook fast
beings it takes long to convince oh do
not put too many and dump this the
ziplock bags in his water this is about
maybe I would say 10 cups of water or as
much as you can in a big pan but the
biggest the bigger better so you have
more space to boil it and it's in the
scheme it's inside a good lock just like
that and what this is going to do is
just name it okay some people put it in
the oven but I don't recommend that
because it gets too dry so I have to
just make sure that it's not too much
air inside just be careful I'm doing
this but I'm not supposed to be doing it
once it's in there you just have to
leave it you don't wanna burn yourself
so you just have to make sure it's not
too much air inside the ziplock and I'm
going to cover it leave it you could do
it on medium heat it's like that you
cover it up have to remove it in the
out of the foil paper because it's
been in the water boiling for an hour to
a minute to be of it is you just put it
there and you leave it alone don't touch
it and the way to know if it's done in
case you use different measurements you
feel it and it has to be tender but at
the same time hard I think that make
sense to you guys but it promises a lot
of them you could always also open one
inside and it is good then you know it's
good to go so you can tell look this is
one of the smallest ones probably and
I'm gonna garnish it and show you
exactly
what it is like okay so that was fine
thank you so much for joining
appreciated and I try the next time so i
can show you more amazing delicious
meals in this kitchen my african kitchen
that's your african kitchen